good morning everyone Eric here
northwest bus sales once again thanks
for checking us out okay what we got
here this is a 2002 Starcraft ad a is
you can tell the ABA doors right there
wheelchair bus 2002 Starcraft 14
passengers and it'll hold up to four
wheelchairs all right it's on e4 50 van
chassis that's forward and check it out
Power Stroke diesel 7.3 that's right
it's got the seven three in it cannot go
wrong with that one
alright let's cruise inside and give her
a look a couple of dual inch of grab
bars as you come in high I don't control
their goodness sakes I need to turn that
down a little bit
alright it's got driver and passenger
heat and AC cruise control to the
control panel their wheelchair lift
controls passenger seat controls I found
stuff courtesy lighting would have you
automatic transmission with overdrive
idle control over there I think I
already mentioned that LED Diagnostic
Center up here got opened up for you can
check that out as well nice feature
courtesy light that doesn't work all
right
anyhow pardon me we can get that taken
care of so check out the mileage 198
thousand miles
now I know that seems like a lot to a
lot of you but those of you that know
the 7.3 know that this may be half life
maybe a little over half life I have
seen shuttle buses and trucks and
everything with this same motor in it
that's gone three hundred thousand and a
whole lot more and I've even seen them
with four hundred thousand dollars so
don't get discouraged by the 198 okay
wheelchair lift right there brown
wheelchair lifts now this whole dog on
side driver's side of the passenger
seats they all fold up up against the
wall here I'll give you a little demo
when we're talking about them this is
how you accommodate the for wheelchairs
let's see here
hopefully this thing's not going to get
too fussy on me there's a there's a
handle under here there we go and then
they pulled up just like that check it
out all four of these do that and then
these two over here as well little
modesty stanchion they're separating the
passengers from the wheelchair lifts so
this will hold up to four wheelchair
lifts three on this side and one on this
side so you can haul for wheelchairs
along with two additional passengers
here in the back this is the back row
here on the passenger side does not fold
up pose a permit carrier AC unit the
back rear emergency exit door their tour
style windows with tent TT sliders up
top floor is in good shape as well
follow the passenger upholstery is in
good shape anti-vandal grab handles on
the aisle side alright
let's walk outside check her out we'll
get a look at that wheelchair lift as
well ok here we go look at the stainless
steel wheel covers I'd show you the
pictures of the tires but I don't think
it's necessary because the brand new
brand new tires all the way around front
and rear rear duals down there ok
check it out unfold there we go
Braun millennium series look at that
then bring it down it's a smooth
operator checking out bringing it on
down a gate flaps down there as well and
then hit fold and back up no roll button
pardon me up not fold gonna screw it
with it first as a high I will control
that I turn off which a probably
shouldn't but let me ensure you that it
does work it kicks on brings idle up
when you're operating the wheelchair
lifts pardon me for not doing that but
you know it does work probably should
have left it on okay moving right along
there you go curb lighting right there
stainless steel wheel covers like I said
body and paint is in I'll give it a fair
condition fair condition you can see
where the old logo used to be there I
think let's see does have some dents and
dings and what-have-you nothing too
major I don't think but nonetheless it
does have them not too bad a shape for
2002 with pert near 200,000 miles on it
all right
street side exhaust let's open up the
rear door here get a look at the
interior from outside looking in through
the out dough
okay
clearance lights up top front and rear
see the a/c condensers download there
like I said earlier brand new tires all
the way around driver's side running
board can you order the tires brand new
like I said
driver's seat upholstery a good shape
too
all right I think that'll do it won't
take up any more every time underneath
the hood like I mentioned 7.3 liter
power stroke v8 once again in 2002
Starcraft 80 a wheelchair bus it's a non
CDL 14 passengers hold up to for
wheelchairs along with two passengers
all right check us out online NW bus
calm please call any questions 802 3 170
99 Thanks